DOCSP-30509: Usage examples landing page (#61)
mongodb/docs-rust: source/index.txt

.. For a list of new features and changes in each version, see the
.. :ref:`rust-whats-new` section.

Usage Examples
--------------

> For fully runnable code snippets and explanations for common
> methods, see :ref:`rust-usage-examples`.

Reviewer: S: we have moved away from using "snippet" in most contexts

```suggestion
For fully runnable code examples and explanations of common
MongoDB operations, see :ref:`rust-usage-examples`.
```
